[doc][ybm] Changes for pricing plans (#20900)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-cloud/managed-automation/managed-cli/managed-cli-examples/managed-guide-api.md

YBM_PROJECT_ID="<project_ID>"
```

> To create VPCs and dedicated clusters, you need to [choose a plan](https://www.yugabyte.com/pricing/), or you can [start a free trial](../../../managed-freetrial/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create VPCs and dedicated clusters, you need to [choose a plan](https://www.yugabyte.com/yugabytedb-managed-standard-price-list/), or you can [start a free trial](../../../managed-freetrial/).
```
